builtin/aws: add ability to pass additional security groups (#1740)
hashicorp/waypoint: .changelog/1740.txt

> ```release-note:feature
> builtin/aws: add ability to pass additional security groups for ecs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```release-note:improvement
plugin/aws: add ability to pass additional security groups for ecs
```

> plugin/aws: add ability to pass additional security groups for ecs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
plugin/aws: add ability to define existing security groups for ecs
```
